what in the world happened with the
stock market in the past week we are
going to talk about that today is it the
collapsed is this the beginning I'm
going to unveil all of that today you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today we are going to
understand from the top to the bottom of
where everything is and has been I'm
going to tell you about what's coming
the things that you need to do to
actually take action so not just a bunch
of info let's actually get into it in
detail First Things First Bank of Japan
lifts rates as fed inches towards a cut
and so this is a very different
situation where youve got the bank of
Japan leaving interest rates at rock
bottom for literally decades and decades
and decades and then they make this
small but significant only because they
had been at rock bottom for so long they
had started to change that and of course
this started what they call the Yen
carry train if you want links will be in
the description for you to check out but
basically what we're talking about here
is that they would borrow investors
would or speculators I should say should
borrow going in at a very low rate 0%
and then they invest in something else
and then when everything's good you make
money you do well but when something
happens in this case here Japan
increasing their interest rate R it
throws all of that off this shows us how
unstable and how fragile the financial
system is that Japan can increase
interest rates by a very small margin
and it causes a problem but of course
things rebounded right after in fact you
saw the Japanese stock market after
going down significantly increasing in a
single day by 11%
11% in a single day so you know that
there is a lot of upward pressure a lot
of people buying this is the most
important chart in the world today it's
the chart of the Japanese yen versus the
USD why is it important for 30 years
Japan has 0% interest uh and then it
goes on basically people borrowing and
so on as I was saying and they're
stressing that we need to look at this
the US dollar to the end now uh as I was
talking about with my finance Friday
crew we look here at what has happened
the dates go back to 2023 and of course
this is showing the Yen weakening
consistently over this period of time
that has changed somewhat but let's be
honest okay the aggressiveness at which
It reversed is uh more than previous but
we've seen this before this wouldn't be
the first time okay let's be clear what
are some investors big investors doing
and what are the institutional investors
doing talk about Bitcoin in a second
Buffett's $277 billion cash hoorde after
selling apple is a warning waren Buffett
sold a very large stake approximately
half of his Apple Stak right basically
right in the last quarter and what does
that tell you about the value of Apple
well according to Warren Buffett just
doesn't see it there anymore maybe he
thinks that most of the gains have come
off he's not selling at all he's not
saying there's no no need to have it but
he's selling a whole bunch of it you
could see that cash Pile in terms of the
percentage of the total assets being at
this level
25% so it's an extremely high percentage
and he would rather hold on to that cash
cash equivalent okay because he's
earning money on that you know I don't
know all the breakdown but it might be
let's say 4% and so he's investing in
something right now earning some money
and not having to worry about the
potential
volatility speaking of volatility you
saw Bitcoin getting absolutely punished
I think it dipped down to maybe 53,000
somewhere 50,000 somewhere in there and
you could see Bitcoin plunged 28% but
institutional investors bought the dip
did they make the right choice well so
far because Bitcoin has exceeded 60,000
at the this time and it's basically been
here it seems like in this range uh for
a while and is this kind of the new
support level that's what a lot of
people are hoping
anyway many people have asked this
question I wanted to bring this up will
the stock market SAR If the Fed Cuts
rates in
September and so we have all the stuff
like okay there's chaos there's
volatility there's extreme events that
are occurring but what happens to the
stock Market should I sell should I do
what Warren Buffett did and cut my
position in half and sit in cash should
I be like the institutional investors
and go buy Bitcoin well historically the
Federal Reserve has cut interest rate
interest rates 28 times so far this
Century these rate Cuts sometimes spur a
rally in the S&P 500 but not always and
so this is what you got to know it
depends why they are cutting rates if
that rate cut is in some dramatic panic
and things are just falling through the
floor and it doesn't look that there's
any end Insight well then it doesn't you
know immediately cause the stock market
to rise but if amongst other things
they're doing rate Cuts they're doing
quantitative easing the government
starts bailing out every sector and we
start to see sort of a bottoming out uh
you know things are kind of okay the
worst is over the storm has
passed that's when things can go up and
up again in
2020 it was a different scenario where
you had you know everything was shut
down as soon as they realized that there
was going to be you know the Pharma
companies were going to come out and do
their thing once that was understood
that yeah it's going to be maybe maybe
it's going to be two months from now
it's gonna be three months from now
we're not exactly sure but we want to
front run this so we are going to get in
there we're going to buy that dip and
that's when the market took off from
there you might be asking what's the
deal what's going on here well let's
talk further about that fed official
says no rate Cuts yet inflation is still
above Target and that's interesting okay
this comes from the FED uh Kansas City
president and he's saying he won't
support a cut if things are the way they
are today so we'll see what happens as
of September but many of them I think
are proponents of a cut coming up and
we'll see what happens because what goes
on with one cut there usually is a
followup you know it's not necessarily
each and every single time but what do
we see it's a cut it's a stair step down
cut cut cut cut cut and so that would be
very bullish for stocks particularly
if there isn't a
recession but that's the question here
well along with cuts of course here
they're talking about mortgage rates
could fall further in Canada they're
saying the Bank of Canada is now less
concerned about rate Cuts driving up
home prices no we don't have to worry
about that we don't have to worry about
the fact that people cannot already
afford it but they're going to un they
they have said this even Trudeau has
said this we will not allow home prices
to fall because that's going to hurt
people because they have home equity
line of credits they have so much debt
we don't want them to be underwater so
what do we do oh we're going to cut
those rates we're going to print some
money we're going to give incentives
left right and center and who's going to
pay for that oh yeah it's the middle
class some are suggesting to get ready
for nasty layoffs in fact some have
happened you know layoffs pile up in the
US and Canada as
companies uh uncertain of the economy
certainly but what I've seen Mo in most
part with the layoffs it's like bottom
10% of employees which there are
companies uh that regularly it's Amazon
being one of them that they just
regularly cut the bottom 10% performers
and they do that so those people don't
stick around they don't get a culture of
of that in their company and you're
always trying to evolve and you know I I
do agree to that with that to some
extent you know if somebody is just
dragging down the team I know how it is
when you got let's say there's like four
people in your team and one guy just
showing up late all the time he's you
know this and that and it's never good
for the whole group it's it's not a good
thing and a lot of people really don't
like that where are we headed here half
of the oecd countries earn less now than
they did
2020 this is where things are headed you
have to understand this conditions will
worsen things will be more expensive the
economy doesn't get better from here all
of these things start adding them up
depends on where you are some areas are
better than others you're seeing chaos
in some places nowhere is
perfect but this is going on and my
goodness some places are better than
they were before
some places but I'll tell you right now
it's not in the US it's not in Canada
things are worse and where are we going
to be in 5 years from now well the RCMP
the Royal uh
Royal oh my goodness the RCMP the Royal
Canadian mounty police my goodness there
we go that is like think of it like the
FBI for
Canada they said specifically I did an
entire video about this
that they are in fact we're going to
look out five years from now as an
internal document look out five years
from now things are decaying things are
eroding the people are going to be upset
and they're going to be on the streets
let's get ready for it that that's
actually what they say that's the that's
coming from the RCMP directly and that
was an internal document that got leaked
a quarter of employeed Canadians now
work for the government you see what's
happening here worsening conditions the
government govern comes in to help out
who's paying those salaries it's you
it's you the middle class A quarter of
employed Canadians now work for the
government is that a good sign is that a
strong economy absolutely not absolutely
not now if you're one of those people
hey it's probably a good job you're
getting paid well and you're getting
benefits and all that stuff I understand
but this is not good overall when so
many people are working for the
government because somebody's got to pay
for that you understand this right and
with the natural resources not being
utilized what are you going to do anyway
this is like the one thing you see
what's happening here government's not
going to help you government can't do
anything and we're going to be in these
worsening conditions I just found this
one example today and I thought it was
fantastic this is a guy he's just
showing one example he shows a bunch of
different things on his uh this is on
Tik Tok but anyway the point is um the
service that he provides people he takes
their trash can their garbage can out
onto the curb on the day that the the
trash comes to pick it up so he goes I
get up super early I bring these to the
curb and they charge two bucks and
there's a lot of people in the comments
saying you know how many times I forgot
to take my trash out and I would have
paid two bucks for somebody to do it
it's just $2 not a big deal and some
people say I can do that myself no
problem yeah but will a bunch of people
pay $2 for that it's just $2 oh sure
fine and of course it's $2 there and
there and there in there and now what's
he doing he's adding a lot of $2
together and maybe could stack on a
bunch of different Services onto that
and he's making money he's able to do
this and this is a simple service it's
not expensive it's something that people
would pay for I'm sure and he's making
money from it and that's why you have to
think creatively you must be creative in
this new economy in order to survive and
thrive if you want more details about
this you can get that live with me every
Friday where we talk about Finance
Friday we talk about everything that's
been happening going on but for like
literally 2 hours plus on Sunday we talk
about building an online business and
there are people that are in the group
already going through the entire thing
building their online business right now
they're doing it and I'm so proud of
them what has happened here is that the
economy has eroded the conditions are
worsening and you have to take action
whatever that is if you want to do you
know take out people's garbage cans you
want to build an online business
whatever whatever it is but just do it
just take action do not expect things to
get better do not expect things to be
you know changing the government and
suddenly things are going to get better
it only gets worse when you when we zoom
out it can get better for a little while
but it's been the trend things are
worsening they'll cut interest rates
they'll print money they'll do bailouts
your currency will be devalued and you
will suffer the bankers won't suffer
those globalist Elite won't suffer it's
going to be you and I so we have to take
action today and do what we can I want
to thank you for being here hit the that
thumbs up as always check the link in
the description for more information
right at the top hit that link and I'll
see you there take care